gh Level Approach:
In this project, the goal is to implement low-level operations of the Internet protocol stack with our own OSI model, which includes Application Layer, Transport Layer and Network Layer. The program is run by
sudo ./rawhttpget [url]
and the url will be downloaded using the raw socket we created.

The program starts from the main file, and then propagates to the Application Layer, which calls the TCP Layer, which in turn calls the IP Layer. After we get all the packet on the IP layer, we return it in the opposite order of how it first propagates down.

Features Implemented:
TCP:
We implemented the TCP pack header, checksum of incoming TCP segments and generate correct checksums for outgoing segments. Perform the three-way handshake before sending the HTTP GET request and deal with the connection teardown. Sort out-of-order segments in the correct order and discard duplicate segments

IP:
We implemented the IP pack header, and all features of IP packets, including validating the checksum of incoming/outgoing packets, setting correct version, header length, total length and protocol identifier. And we query the IP of remote HTTP server and source machine to set the source and destination IP in outgoing packet. And we implemented validity check of IP headers, checksum and protocol identifier

Challenges:
1) Understand the overall flow, design an architecture so that data can flow freely between different layers
2) Understand how to pack/unpack the struct is not easy. This includes how header fields are shifted, how characters are formatted and etc. Made many mistakes along the way
3) Learn how to set up WireShark, set filters and where to look for packets
4) When downloading a web page, in the beginning, we did not realize the chunk length needs to be removed and thought we had some logic error in the code. Then we figured out, instead of writing the whole file out, we should read each part up to the chuck length and keeps repeating
5) When calculating the check sum, initially, we didn't have the pseudo-header, so the check sum logic was not correct
6) There might be option fields in TCP and IP headers. We have to discover them and remove them


